[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Throughout
the history of Earth,
there's been little of more
curiosity than visitations
from beings from outer space.
This phenomena appears
to be increasing
around the world at this time,
such as the New Year's Eve 2014
sightings in the United States.
ETs also reach out
through other means
and have been connecting with
humans since the beginning.
Tom Moore is one such contactee.
His thirst for
knowledge has given us
a look not only at an ET species
from Sirius B but the larger
agenda with Earth's visitations.
He's with us today to tell us
an absolutely amazing tale.
Welcome, Tom.
>>TOM MOORE: Thank you, Regina.
>>REGINA: I so
enjoyed your book.
I think I had every other page
dog-eared because it's so--
for me, this is fun.
You know?
There's nothing scary about it.
It's just fun to think of
the possibilities of who else
is out there.
And we have enough evidence now,
from ancient, ancient history
through to visitations such
as what you experienced,
to show us that we're seeing
only a sliver of reality.
So first of all,
let's talk about how
you came in contact with
the being you call Antura--
or who identified himself as
Antura-- who is from Sirius B
and has explained
about what life
is like there and with
other civilizations.
>>MOORE: OK.
Antura I began communicating
with telepathically.
Now, I defined telepathy
as communication
between two beings,
not between two people.
OK.
And I had been communicating
telepathically with my own
what I call a guardian angel.
And his name is Theo.
And one day, Theo and I were
talking about ruins in Europe
that were Sirian in nature.
And he said, you'll get
to see those one day.
And I said, oh, great.
And then I started thinking.
And I said, do you mean you
as people or you personally?
And he said, no, you personally.
And I said, oh,
that's interesting.
And he went on to say, yes.
He says, a friend of yours
from a planet in the Sirius B
is tuning into us now.
Well, after my jaw dropped
because I thought here
I was having a
private conversation
with my own guardian angel.
And here I'm on a party line,
and somebody else is tuning in.
He said, do you want
to talk to him now?
And I said, no.
Let me think of some questions
and I'll get back with him.
And so about two weeks later,
I had a list of questions.
And that's how it started.
And at first, I
didn't have his name.
I had no idea of
what he looked like.
I thought he was going
to look like Earth people
because I'd always heard that
the first contacts that people
would have would be people that
would look exactly like us.
>>REGINA: And we will get
to that part of the story
because there's still
belief that that
may occur that way, yes.
Well, let me ask
you one question.
As you were trying to suss
out what he looked like and so
forth, you asked a
lot of questions.
What I appreciated
about your book--
there is another channel I have
known for many, many years,
from 30 years ago.
And the person asking questions
through that particular person
to the entity asked very,
very similar questions
as to what you answered.
And actually, there were some
similar answers that came back.
So I really love that thirst and
that curiosity that you have.
But just a slight
diversion-- what
were the sites, the
Sirian B sites that they
were referring to?
>>MOORE: They were just talking
about some ruins that were--
>>REGINA: Was it Egypt, or--
>>MOORE: In existence in Europe.
>>REGINA: Oh, I see, in Europe?
OK, interesting.
I just wanted to catch that
before blow on past it.
So let's talk about
what you learned
about the life and the
inhabitants, the lifestyle,
the nature of the planet.
I mean, obviously
you can go on a bit.
But I'd like to hear this part
of the tale about these people
on Sirius B.
>>MOORE: OK.
First of all, again,
I thought that he
would look just like us.
But when I started asking
these questions and he said,
now, Tom, I'm under
the same rules
that Theo is under-- that you
can ask any question of me,
and I'll answer it.
But you have to ask
specific questions.
You can't just say,
well, describe the plan.
OK?
>>REGINA: Yes, which
is common with beings
from other dimensions.
They aren't going to just go
on a diatribe of some kind.
>>MOORE: No.
And so I had to think
of individual questions.
And this went over
many, many months
as I came up with these
hundreds of questions.
And the first thing I
found out, to my surprise
was that he didn't look like us.
He's an amphibian, and he lives
on a water world in the Sirius
B solar system.
And there's like 22
planets in the solar system
that we don't know about yet.
And his planet is the
third from the sun.
But it is hotter on the surface.
But only 10% of
this planet is land,
and all the rest is ocean.
And his people
live-- their cities
are at a depth of 5,000 feet.
And he says their bodies are
more like a fish than a human
so that they can swim at
these very, very deep depths.
And then we got into cities
looking like bubble cities that
had a lot of water
inside and outside.
But they did have dry spaces.
>>REGINA: Well,
you talked to him
quite a bit about
their physical makeup.
And you kept saying,
do you have gills?
I remember you asked that.
So you really wanted
to get this answer.
But their skin was
more dolphin-like,
as I remember you were
saying-- a little more
smooth and rubbery,
more of a blue tint?
>>MOORE: Yes, blue.
He said, we're beautiful.
>>REGINA: Blue is beautiful.
OK.
>>MOORE: Yeah, right.
He was very positive about that.
Well, OK.
>>REGINA: And the
shape of their head
tends to come around and more
to more of a point in the back?
Is that kind of how it looks.
>>MOORE: Yeah, kind of.
Yes, it did seem to
be more of a point.
And they only have one gill
behind their ear, which
I thought was very interesting.
You always think everything
would be symmetrical.
You know, two gills.
And they only have one
very sort of dainty gill
that is behind an ear.
And that's the way
they developed.
>>REGINA: They can be on land.
But it's not basically
a land-based planet.
And how long can
they stay on land
before they really need to
get back into the water?
>>MOORE: I think
they just really
don't enjoy being on land
for long periods of time.
One of the things
I found out was
that they have these force field
devices that take care of them
in any kind of environment.
And they're the size of a pin.
And so they could walk on
the moon, as an example,
and not have a problem with
these force field devices
that--
>>REGINA: It modulates
the personal environment
around them so that
they're comfortable enough
to survive it.
>>MOORE: And it's just
the devices have shrunk
over millions of years to
these tiny, tiny devices, just
as our devices-- cell
phones and everything--
they're all smaller.
Every two years it
goes by half down.
So we're heading
along that path.
>>REGINA: I found it interesting
that they were talking
about the under-the-sea
cities they live in.
And he kept saying
over and over-- they're
just like someone
who likes cupcakes.
It comes up in almost
every conversation, right?
He was always talking
about how much
he loves the water, how much
they enjoy the water, how
beautiful the water is.
And so water was-- and it sounds
like even in their underground
city environments--
>>MOORE: They have pools
that they can jump in.
>>REGINA: They have
an airlock of sorts
like you would almost
see in a sci-fi movie?
>>MOORE: Right.
And what's really
strange, when I first
started doing my
meditation process,
when I first
started out, I would
imagine myself going down
these old steps and diving
into the sea and swimming down
to a city underneath the water
and going through an airlock
and using a white towel
to wipe off, and then
going from there.
So it was really--
>>REGINA: Interesting.
And I think a lot
of us who-- people
who have flying dreams also
often have underwater dreams.
And for me, for my
entire lifetime,
I've had these underwater dreams
where, for various reasons,
I end up under water.
But in this, there isn't a gill.
It's almost like the
cilia in the nose act
as some sort of
filtration unit that
separates the oxygen
from the hydrogen
and allows me to
breathe very gently
underwater without
any apparatus.
And in the dreams, it
feels totally normal.
>>MOORE: Right.
And I used to scuba dive.
And sometimes I felt
like I could almost
breathe underwater.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Almost more
comfortable underwater.
I think a lot of people
have that sensation, that
experience.
OK, now there are so many
questions about that.
Let's talk about their
societal and family structures
on Sirius, for one.
>>MOORE: OK.
They do have families.
He has a mate and
he has two boys
that he calls his
little tadpoles.
>>REGINA: Cute.
>>MOORE: It's cute.
And because they live
such long lives--
>>REGINA: How long
a life do they live?
>>MOORE: Uh, 1,200 to
1,500 universal years.
And you multiply a universal
year by 10 for Earth years.
Our time has been
speeded up for us.
>>REGINA: Wow, so
over 100,000 years
if you're looking
at it on our clock.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MOORE: Well, no.
10,000.
>>REGINA: I mean 10,000.
Sorry.
>>MOORE: Yeah, 10,000 to
15,000 years our time.
So they typically
don't expect to be
with the same mate for all
that 1,200 or 1,500 years.
>>REGINA: God, can you imagine?
We have a hard enough
time with 10 or 20.
Certainly 10,000 or 15,000-
>>MOORE: But everybody's
very friendly.
Things are very, very peaceful.
I mean, they're just an
extremely peaceful people.
And when they first inhabited
this water planet, which
was 18 million years
ago, they started out
existing more in caves.
And as they progressed, they
started building these cities
on top of the caves.
So if you were to somehow be
taken into one of their cities,
you could actually
go down farther
and find the original
caves that they lived in.
And they had this one
huge whale-like monster
that loved to eat on them.
And so they said,
we would always
keep well away from that guy.
>>REGINA: And they procreate the
same way we do, it sounds like,
except in a much higher
standard of connection.
>>MOORE: Yes, but when I ask
him, do you have a penis?
And he said, yes.
And so I said, well--
but they retract it
when they're swimming
to cut down on drag.
And I said, well, does
that hold for the females?
And he said no.
Their vagina extends for sex.
So I thought that was--
>>REGINA: So it's just
slightly different.
But also, the
emotional connection
sounds like it has to be
at a much higher level
of recognition.
You don't go to a bar.
There are no bars for
pickups and stuff like that.
>>MOORE: No, and they
can read their own auras.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MOORE: OK?
And so they have an
immediate attraction
through these auras
to the other person.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And that makes sense.
And it's actually happening
in our species, too.
We just don't know it.
>>MOORE: Slowly but surely, yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
OK.
So let's talk about-- he's
here visiting with you.
First of all, why did he choose
to visit with you at this time?
What is your
connection with him?
And what is your
connection with Sirius B?
Let's get into the
complexity and nuances
of human beings, who have
lives in other places
and can go back and forth
over long periods of time.
>>MOORE: OK.
First of all, we all
come from other planets.
We all came to Earth to take
part in the Earth experiment.
And as Antura explained to
me, not everyone on his planet
has lives on Earth.
It's all by choice.
And so some people
are very happy to be
in their little lives.
And they're at this nice
little wonderful level.
But they're at a level.
And Antura and I,
as it turns out,
are members of the same
soul group or cluster.
Theo calls it the cluster.
And typically, your
soul has clusters
that are having lives on Earth
that have six to 12 members.
And so we're members of
the same soul cluster.
And I'm actually from
that water planet.
So his purpose-- first of all,
we have had lives together.
Although he said the last life--
>>REGINA: On Sirius B or here?
>>MOORE: Both.
He said actually,
the last life we
had was at the time
of Atlantis, when
I was creating the gentle way.
And he was sort of
one of my tour guides
to help people go
from Atlantis to Egypt
to resettle before
Atlantis went down.
>>REGINA: Sirius
B has always been
featured in the
ancient lore of Egypt.
And according to Antura,
Egypt is actually
more like 50,000 years
old, the cultures of Egypt.
Now, much of it is
buried under sand
and buried under more sand.
>>MOORE: And actually,
Theo says that it
will be proved that Egypt was
inhabited 500,000 years ago.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I would not be
surprised at that.
I think there was a lot
going on that was concurrent,
like it didn't just go
Lemuria, Atlantis, Egypt.
A lot of it existed and was
populated at the same time
with people moving about.
Because there was flight and
technology in those times.
>>MOORE: Yes.
>>REGINA: It wasn't
hard to get around.
>>MOORE: Right.
The Atlanteans powered all
their aircraft and everything
by the crystals.
And so that was fine, but
it also had its limits.
So as an example, they could
not go into outer space.
There were limits on the
strength of the rays.
And they would
actually have-- it
sounded like they had pyramids,
sort of like booster stations,
even in Europe.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>MOORE: To help--
>>REGINA: That would
make total sense.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
To help them fly to
their outpost in Europe.
>>REGINA: And there's
a lot of in-depth work
in Robert Temple's book,
"The Sirius Mystery."
Some of our ancient
indigenous cultures
have long held memories
of their contact
with not only those
beings from Sirius B,
but also have been on that
planet before, as well.
So let's talk about why
they felt it was time now.
And also, we can go into the
notion of multiple timelines.
But why now?
Why the contact now?
>>MOORE: Yeah.
And we don't need to go
into multiple timelines yet.
>>REGINA: No, we don't need to.
But we may or may not
get around to that.
But why are they contacting
and reaching out now?
And then I also
want you to speak
about what they refer to
us as a veiled species.
I think everybody intuitively
understands that, but let's
go ahead and talk about it.
>>MOORE: OK.
And you may have
to bring me back.
>>REGINA: Oh, just go for it.
It's fun.
>>MOORE: OK.
The timeline I've been
given was initially
that the Russians would
release all their secret files,
including videos and everything.
And that was supposed
to have happened
before the start of this year.
As I've been asking
questions-- and I continued.
After I closed off the
book in January of 2013,
I've continued to ask
questions because he tells me
I'm going to have a book two.
And so as I've asked
him, well, what's
happening with the Russians?
Well, the Russians have
been dragging their feet.
And they've had to negotiate
with them to the point-- well,
they're talking about only
releasing part of them.
But we feel like they'll release
the rest after they put it out.
They've been doing kind
of like trial balloons
where Medvedev--
if I'm pronouncing
his name correctly--
has been quoted twice
when supposedly microphones
were off-- oh, yes.
We've had contact
with UFOs and ETs.
But then he kind
of laughs it off,
just in case people
would get worried.
But they found that
nobody's worried.
Oh, we want to know more.
What's happening?
And so that's
supposed to happen.
Now I've been told
that it will not
happen until after
the Olympic Games.
You know, they're trying
to do all this publicity.
>>REGINA: Well, that certainly
would have upstaged the games,
wouldn't it?
>>MOORE: Yes, it would.
So they have been given, quote,
"a strong indication" that this
will happen after
the Olympic Games.
Then, in 2015-- because they are
supposed to be the first ones
to release all
these secret files--
the Pleiadians
will land in Russia
and they will make
first public contact.
And the Russians will probably
have it at their new space
center that they're building.
And there will be sort of like
a pool of journalists and TV
and radio and what have you
that will cover the event.
And after that, the
Pleiadians-- and the Pleiadians,
when they come, they're going
to be very sort of diminutive,
more like five feet tall, very
unassuming, very unthreatening.
>>REGINA: And they tend to look
very humanoid, like one of us.
>>MOORE: Right.
But they actually--
well, some of them do.
I mean, Pleiades has
all different types.
>>REGINA: I understand.
But--
>>MOORE: But the
ones that are coming
look exactly like humans.
And so they're going
to come and they're
going to look a very sweet
people, non-threatening at all.
And they will start telling
us our history of the Earth.
But they're going to
have videos because they
can go to any timeline
they want and take
a video of some major
event, whether it
be Atlantis sinking or whatever
and show things like that.
And so they're going
to work their way
around the Earth
giving little gifts.
And these will be like
almost artifacts to them,
old things that are
old but are really neat
kind of gifts for
each government
that they visit with.
And nothing that
would-- they're not
supposed to give us
any kind of technology.
They're supposed to let us
do these things on our own.
And so that happens in 2015.
>>REGINA: That would be great.
I mean, we hear a lot of
people making predictions
about when things
are going to happen,
and timelines are
always shifting around.
>>MOORE: Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MOORE: Now, on
2016-- now, this
is going to be interesting
because the Pleiadians will
come back another
two or three times.
But in 2016, the Zetas
are supposed to arrive.
>>REGINA: Oh yes,
with an apology?
>>MOORE: Yes, with apology.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK, now you need to--
let's explain to people who
the beings from Zeta Reticuli
are, what they've been up to.
And they're the ones
most commonly depicted
when you go to UFO shows
and you have little people
with big heads.
>>MOORE: Big eyes and--
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about who they really are.
And we don't need
to get into it,
but there has been US-government
involvement, apparently.
We know the names of some
people who have supposedly
been on missions with the
beings from Zeta Reticuli
and have reported back
on what life there
is like-- kind of the reverse
of what you're talking about.
So let's talk about why
they would apologize to us.
>>MOORE: OK.
According to what
I've been told,
they were a society
that was dying out.
The way they
procreated was cloning.
But the clones were not
being ensouled anymore.
And so they decided to come
to Earth and create a hybrid.
So they came to Earth and
they started abducting people.
Now our souls gave
them permission.
I think our souls
didn't realize what
it would do to the people
that were abducted.
I've been told that it was a
total of almost 26,000 people,
somewhere around there.
Some of the people would
be only abducted one time
because they were looking
for a specific DNA signature.
And if they didn't find
it, that was the last time.
But others were
abducted 30 and 50
and even, Antura told
me, as many as 100 times.
And so these people
really-- and they
have all these
memories suppressed.
>>REGINA: There's a lot
of conflict and trauma
in their beings.
>>MOORE: A lot of
conflict and trauma.
And since my book came out,
I've had a lot of people that
read my weekly newsletter--
women, mostly--
that have come out and said,
Tom, I think I was abducted.
And when I've checked, nine out
of 10 of them were abducted.
>>REGINA: Now there's the
work of Dr. John Mack, Harvard
clinical psychology.
He took this subject on,
went into-- at the bequest
of someone essentially in the
UFO community who understood,
through hypnosis, what
people were coming up with.
And he said, would you take
this on as, essentially,
a case study?
And it turned into
much more than that.
I think he ended up speaking
with-- I can't remember
if it was maybe even thousands
of people who came forward
with their UFO stories.
And going through from a
very scientific point of view
and looking at the common
denominators they all had, even
though otherwise they
had nothing in common,
in most cases.
And I think he gave
a lot of credence
to the subject of abduction.
And then you have
someone-- I did a show
with Kim Carlsberg that's in
our archives under Phenomena
and also one under CMN having to
do with her personal experience
that she claims to have had--
abductions that took place
over a very long period of
time for the specific purpose
of cloning and how she felt
about it, which is interesting
because it's a mixed bag.
There's terror and
there's often an upgrade
that happens to the
person that's being used.
>>MOORE: And Antura
told me that when
they started the
abductions and they started
having women actually have
babies, that they would keep
them onboard the
spaceship for nine months.
And they had to keep them.
And then they would put
them back in their bed
10 minutes after they've
taken them or whatever.
And they'd go to a
doctor, and the doctor
would say, oh, you've
recently been pregnant.
Uh, no I haven't.
You know?
But he said that
after a while, they
were able to reduce it
down to four months.
So they didn't have
to keep them as long.
They were able to
take the fetus and--
>>REGINA: But they--
I mean, you said
that this was done--
though the individuals,
the conscious mind, was
startled and traumatized
by this experience-- that
there was a soul agreement.
Did Antura tell you that
there was a soul agreement
between the individuals and the
other species to help them out?
>>MOORE: Well, their
souls agreed to it.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MOORE: OK?
Not the soul fragments.
>>REGINA: No, no, I
get the difference.
Because I have always felt
there was some kind of agreement
also.
It appears hostile because
it's not necessarily
a warm and fuzzy process.
And they don't think of
things in that way, either.
They seem to be, from all
the reports, very clinical
in the way they
treat people, which
is quite frightening for human
beings to be treated like that.
>>MOORE: Yes.
And what happened,
the federation
of planets-- and
there's 200 planets
in our quadrant
of the galaxy that
are members of this federation.
They had had this
Earth directive
that dated all the way back
to Atlantean days when they
saw that Atlantis was
going down the tubes
and that all this help that they
thought they were giving them
was simply being used
to make one guy more
powerful than another
or something like that.
And so they came up with
this Earth directive
that said-- hands off humans.
We've got to let them
do this on their own.
The problem was
when the Zetas came,
they didn't have that
in the Earth experiment.
They never thought about that.
And it took them a year
and a half or two years,
universal time, to
bring this together.
But it was like 20 or
25 years Earth time.
And so they finally said,
you can't do that anymore.
And they stopped them.
And also, it was the Zetas
from an earlier time period.
And it wasn't the
present-day Zetas.
That was something else.
>>REGINA: Now, this
is a timeline issue
we're talking about here.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
Because Antura said they
could have gone into, like,
the 1800s.
And people would have
been very confused.
But they weren't
that great at hitting
into the right mark on
timelines and they just
arrived in the 20th century.
And that's how it happened.
>>REGINA: OK, we never
did get to the subject
of the veiling of the human
species, how they term
our essential long-term
memory loss that
has occurred of this species--
which we are waking up
to our remembrances
again which is,
to me, that's the great hope
and beauty of our species.
But let's talk
about what they say.
>>MOORE: But we'll never be
taken away from being veiled,
from my understanding.
That's part of the
Earth experiment.
Theo and Antura and
everyone says that humans--
we're called the explorer race.
We all volunteered
for this in order
to fast-track our souls in
raising vibrational levels.
That's all the souls'
goals is raising
your vibrational levels.
But everyone's been on a
plateau for millions of years.
They just hit a plateau and
they couldn't go any higher.
And so the creator
said that he wanted
to have this, where we would
be veiled, not knowing anything
about it, so that we would be
able to reinvent the wheel.
In other words, we'd be
doing all these things that
have been created before by
all these other societies who
think they can't
do it any better.
But the creator feels that
they are going to do it better,
that we are going to do
it, and create things
in different ways that have
never been created before.
Because we can't go back,
oh, well, let's see.
That was 10 lives ago when
I handled that problem.
Can't do that.
So we have to solve
the problem anew,
and maybe we'll solve
it in a better way
than has ever been done before.
And so we were given
this negativity.
And no other society,
no other universe,
has never been able
to handle negativity.
And we're talking about
billions of universes
because there's
billions of creators.
But no one's been able
to handle negativity.
And so the creator
felt that we would
be able to handle
the negativity.
And we've handled it.
And that's what
happened in 1987,
I believe it was, with
the harmonic convergence,
where we reached the
level where we will never
destroy ourselves.
Is that--
>>REGINA: Yes, I think
the Urantia work says
there was a big
shift in the 1980s,
as well, where we passed
some kind of threshold that
was really critical.
>>MOORE: Yes.
And so when we passed
that threshold,
we will never destroy ourselves.
We're not going to have any
more world wars and things like
that that people
keep worrying about.
Yes, there will be conflicts.
And yes, even places
like Afghanistan.
I've asked Theo
before, well, when
is Afghanistan finally
going to settle down?
50 years.
Ugh.
You know?
>>REGINA: Well, I
was told one time--
I was looking at
doing a documentary
on the subject of
the Middle East.
And at that time, because
I speak with my own guides,
guardian angels, all the time.
And I was told
very specifically,
do not put yourself
in harm's way.
This will not be resolved
in your lifetime.
So use your energies
toward the things
that you can make a
better difference with.
So that does validate what
you're saying, as well.
I was disappointed.
I wanted to take it on.
But--
>>MOORE: So all of
this is designed.
And this is going to
be our contribution
to the whole universe and
other universes, in actuality.
We've got not only--
Antura and Theo
say parking is at a
premium around the planet.
>>REGINA: Yes, yes.
We're the object
of great interest.
>>MOORE: Yes, not only from our
universe, from other societies,
but other universes.
>>REGINA: I want to talk
about this negativity
just a little bit more.
Because everyone knows
what that word means.
Everybody knows what
it feels like to suffer
through resistance
and doubt and fear
and the infliction
of pain and bullying
and dominance of all
kinds over-- and fighting
for one's own sovereignty.
We all know, to one degree or
another, what that feels like.
And we have been
through, depending
on your belief
system-- many people,
hundreds of lifetimes,
maybe more, in some cases.
repeatedly learning
how to operate
with grace and
creativity and love
amidst this sea of
negative influences.
And so I know that there are--
each of the world's traditions
views it differently for
our species in terms of it's
always finding that
balance between the two,
between the light and the dark.
And you're saying
that you've been
told that the other planets,
the other realms that exist
are not experiencing
that kind of negativity?
>>REGINA: Not at all.
They've thrown it
away, out the window.
They can't handle it.
That's what we're
supposed to give.
That's going to be
our contribution.
>>REGINA: Negativity.
>>MOORE: Negativity to
the rest of the universe.
But we're only going to give
them anywhere, I've been told,
from 2/10 of a percent to 2%.
That's going to be the maximum
negativity we're going to give.
And it's going to be
things like games.
Games require a
winner and a loser.
And they don't have games.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that
brings in feelings
that you wouldn't have
experienced before.
>>MOORE: Right.
And they don't have
games because of that.
We're going to introduce little
things like games to them.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now let's talk about that.
I mean, I tend to think
of some of the-- they
call it Star Wars.
Some of the wars between
the species of the past
certainly seems to hold a
great amount of negativity,
dominance, and so forth.
And I know we're talking
some rogue elements.
And let's go and talk about
it because Antura talked
about what the reptilians
were doing, who they are,
and then how things shook down.
Give us his view of
what the reptilians have
been up to and why.
>>MOORE: OK.
There really was
a real Star Wars.
It happened approximately
two million years--
one million or two million
years ago Earth time,
but only like 100,000 or
200,000 years universal time.
So it's been a fairly long
time, but still not that long.
And the reptilians,
just out of the blue,
decided that they
wanted to take over
some extra planets
for their resources.
And so they attacked them, and
they actually conquered them.
And so this
federation of planets,
they weren't a
federation at that time.
They didn't become a federation
until after the end of the Star
Wars.
But all these
planets got together
to fight the reptilians.
And this Star Wars
went on for thousands
of universal years, thousands.
And it got very nasty.
And Antura explained--
and I'd never
thought about this before.
He said, you know in your
movies, your "Star Wars" movies
or whatever, it's shown that
maybe a planet is destroyed.
He said, they wouldn't do that.
They would destroy the
sun, and all the planets
would be destroyed.
>>REGINA: Did that happen?
Did that occur?
>>MOORE: Yes, that happened.
>>REGINA: In certain
planetary systems?
>>MOORE: Yes, certain
solar systems.
They just completely
destroyed everything.
>>REGINA: Oh, yes.
That's right.
That's the end game.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
And so this went on
for thousands of years.
Finally, they were
able to negotiate
a peace that included the
reptilians withdrawing
from the planets that
they had conquered,
which was really a pretty
difficult negotiation.
And one of the things
that they agreed to
was that the reptilians
could take part
in the Earth experiment.
So there are
approximately 5,000 souls,
with all of their soul
clusters of six to 12 each.
And so they are taking part
in the Earth experiment.
And they're all having
lives on Earth, too.
>>REGINA: So is
it fair to say-- I
mean, because we have
so much information
that scoots around the
internet and otherwise
about the reptilian
species, is it fair
to say that we're looking at,
like any species, those who
are still here as part
of this experiment
have varying agendas?
>>MOORE: Yeah.
I mean, obviously
their souls are just
like any other Earth soul.
I mean, we all come
from other planets.
We're all going to go back to
our home planets and say, gosh,
this is what we learned
to help our species.
And so they're going to wind up
one day returning to their home
planets.
But I was reminded,
Antura says, keep in mind,
creator loves variety and
creator loves all beings.
>>REGINA: Well, this is true.
And when we go into
judgment about these--
especially because
reptilians have gotten
a little more publicity than
some of the other species.
You know, we have
to remember it's
no different than
an Earth species.
You have rogue agendas
who have no real interest
for any interest but their
own, not for the greater whole.
And you have the same
thing among human beings.
And it sounds like some of
the other species you're
talking about have
gotten past that
and can work more on behalf
of the betterment of all.
So maybe the reptilians
and human beings
are not that far apart
in terms of the fact
that they're doing
very similar--
trying to learn by bumping
off the edges of darkness.
>>MOORE: Right.
And with that in mind, Antura is
part of the first contact team.
They go to planets.
They introduce
themselves but normally
thousands of years
before the planet
actually gets to our
stage, as an example.
And so he's part of
this first contact team.
And when they come in this
big huge mother ship in 2017,
there's actually going
to be two reptilians
on the ship with them.
There's going to be
bird beings, there's
going to be plant beings
there's going to be--
>>REGINA: Kind of
like a flying arc?
>>MOORE: Oh, yeah.
He said-- and I'm supposed
to go to the mother ship.
And it's a mile wide.
And he said, Tom, your
senses will be on overload
the whole time you're there
from all the different beings
that you'll see.
>>REGINA: Yes, and we
have to be open to things
that do not appear like us.
And someone I interviewed
just very recently
received a lot of
technological knowledge
throughout his lifetime from
a being that was reptilian.
And he said, well,
I want to meet you.
And they said, no,
you don't really.
And he said, no, yes I do.
So after a period
of years and years,
they finally arranged
for a physical meeting.
And he said he was terrified.
And it took him a few
years for his nerves
to calm down to be able
to really assimilate
that physical meeting.
And they never met again.
And so this is
something that, I mean,
perhaps Hollywood-- I do
not care for the agenda.
It's so dark and dystopian.
But that said,
perhaps Hollywood is
beginning to prepare
humanity for what
are going to be very
strange and unusual species.
>>MOORE: Or maybe I
will, because Antura,
just before I closed the book
off, he finally tells me,
Tom, by the way.
We want you to
film a documentary
onboard the mother ship.
>>REGINA: Well, do it.
>>MOORE: With you family.
>>REGINA: Do it.
>>MOORE: My daughter
is a film graduate
and owns her own
photography business.
So it looks like--
>>REGINA: Well, I'd love this.
If you guys are
beamed up, good luck.
I can't wait to see the film.
Let's talk about the
Pleiadians because they
seem to be thought of in a more
benevolent light by humanity.
And maybe it's because the
ones that have shown themselves
throughout history
look more like us--
or, we can say we
look like them.
This is one big experiment.
But let's talk about
their previous agenda.
What has gone on between the
Pleiades and the Earth people?
And then what the agenda is now.
And we already
said they're going
to be first contact because
they look more like us, right?
>>MOORE: Yeah.
What is their agenda?
Gosh.
I think it's just to
slowly introduce us
to the rest of the
universe, in reality.
And even, as an example, just
before Antura and his crowd
comes, the Pleiadians
are going to come back.
And they're going to say,
now, the next group of people
that come are going to
look really different.
And we just kind of
want to prepare you.
>>REGINA: Is that
going to be Sirius B?
Or--
>>MOORE: Well, that's
the ship from Sirius B.
>>REGINA: Right.
The blue beings with the
leathery skin and the little
webbed fingers and toes.
>>MOORE: Yeah, but,
I mean, there's
only like two or
three of him that
are going to be on the ship.
>>REGINA: I see.
The group you were talking about
before-- a bit of everything.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
There's going to
be a crew of 850.
At one point, when we
first started talking,
it was kind of up in the air
as to how many would be coming.
He said, well, the ship
holds 750 to 1,000.
And so as we got
into it, he finally
told me not too long ago
that as things get closer,
everybody's kind of
getting more excited.
And so it's up to 850
that'll be on the ship.
>>REGINA: Hey, truth is
stranger than fiction.
I've interviewed so
many people, and what
I've heard about and some things
that I've seen personally--
there's no reason something
like this shouldn't take place.
It would make sense, you know?
If you're looking at it as
inviting the human species
into a larger context of cosmic
being, then it would make sense
we should have larger
exposure like that.
>>MOORE: Right.
Now, as an example, he told
me there were plant beings.
So--
>>REGINA: Plant beings, yes.
>>MOORE: In the
last few months--
this is not in the book.
But I started trying to ask
questions, specific questions,
of what plant beings look like.
And I had the hardest time.
Because I said, well do
they have an endoskeleton?
Do they have an exoskeleton?
And it sounds like
they have stocks there
that are light sensors.
And they have anywhere from
six to eight appendages.
>>REGINA: All you
have to do, actually,
is look at certain
forms of seahorses,
and you can see what a
plant being might look like.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: There is one
that disguises itself
among the plant life
on the sea floor that's
just an amazing
little plant being.
It looks like a plant being.
But it's a seahorse.
>>MOORE: There you go.
>>REGINA: There you go.
So--
>>MOORE: And so
I'm sure I'm going
to see larger
varieties of those.
>>REGINA: Well, so let's
talk a little bit about what
they say about our future.
Now, what is becoming of us
because as you say, or they
say, we have learned
to overcome and work
within a field of
negativity relatively well,
considering what
we're up against.
And so we have to give
ourselves a little credit there.
And then also technologically,
because again you said earlier
and others have said technology
is only to be introduced here
at the rate we can perceive it
or at a gentle rate if there's
some ET intervention and not the
whole enchilada at once because
of a level of maturity
issue in how to use it.
Because of course
there are entities
that go right for dominance.
Certain countries and militaries
go right for dominance
with the technology if
it's powerful enough.
So what are they saying
about the introduction
and development of
our own technology?
>>MOORE: OK.
It's going to take a lot longer
to do things than we think.
As an example, we will not
start traveling to the stars
until 3250.
We have to learn, eventually,
how to portal hop.
I mean, that's
how they get here.
They don't take a space flight.
They don't go at a
million miles an hour.
They portal hop.
>>REGINA: Like
"Battlestar Galactica."
>>MOORE: Yeah.
And you can't go from
one place in the universe
all the way to the
edge of the other one.
You have to take little stops.
You described it as Southwest
Airlines going from Florida
to Los Angeles.
And I kind of acted surprised.
And he said, Tom, we know
everything about you.
We have studied everything.
And so we've got to
learn things like that.
And part of that
force field device
also translates every single
language in the universe.
And it blocks out the
other person's language
so that the being doesn't
hear that language.
They only hear it
in their language.
>>REGINA: Hear it interpreted
into their language, yes.
>>MOORE: And when
they talk, it sounds
to the other person,
the other being,
just like in their language.
So I would love to see us
start working on even a device
to translate all the
languages of Earth.
>>REGINA: I know.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
>>MOORE: And have headsets
and a little microphone
or something like that.
And we could go
anywhere on Earth
and be able to
interact with anybody.
And I hope that happens one day.
And so when we get
to the stars, we
are going to be introducing this
little amount of negativity.
And everyone is scared.
I mean, all these
other societies
are kind of excited
but at the same time--
and I said, well, why don't
you just go ahead and accept
a little tiny negativity now?
Oh, no.
We're waiting as long as we can.
They're a little--
>>REGINA: No one wants
to deal with the subject
of those contrasts.
>>MOORE: Right.
>>REGINA: Right now
it sounds like--
>>MOORE: And 3250 is just fine
with them before we start going
to the stars and
they're forced--
>>REGINA: Really understanding
the use of portals properly.
>>MOORE: Right,
and they're forced
to start handling negativity.
They're just fine
the way they are.
>>REGINA: And part of what you
learned in all of this-- again,
we referred to it a moment
ago or at the beginning
of the interview-- has
to do with timelines.
You may have incarnated
actually bringing information
from what we consider to
be a future incarnation,
incarnating backwards to bring
certain information through,
as well.
And many of us are
doing that, many.
We're on multiple timelines.
Can you just go into
that a little bit?
>>MOORE: OK.
But keep in mind,
past and present lives
are different than timelines.
OK, so we sort of--
>>REGINA: That's true.
Yeah, make the distinction
between the two
because I kind of threw them
all in the same bucket there.
>>MOORE: Yeah, OK.
So there are 12 timelines.
We're on timeline number six.
We're a middle frequency.
And so there are timelines that
have harder lives that we have
and timelines that have much
easier lives than we have.
That's a whole other discussion.
Then there are these different
lives that we all have.
And typically,
I've been told, we
have an average of 600
to 800 lives on Earth.
And we have to experience
every single thing
that Earth has to offer, the
bad stuff and the good stuff,
before we finished our lives.
And so it's sort of like
our little bucket list.
Cross--
>>REGINA: Learn
everything you can.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
Cross off fires off of
this one or floods off
of this one or whatever.
And so those lives, you
do go back and forth.
So as an example, I know
my wife, in her next life,
is going to go back
in ancient Egypt
and be a leader of his
people at that time.
And I'm going to
be his assistant.
But that's a past life to me.
I've already had that
life 100 or 200 lives ago.
And so that's a past one, but
that will be her next life.
So we jump back and forth.
We don't go in linear
from one to the next.
It's here and then back.
>>REGINA: There is no
linear time and space.
Yes.
>>MOORE: My next
life will be in 3400,
and I'll be a space pilot on
one of 17 Earth starships.
So there'll be 17 at that time.
At least I know by 3400--
Very interesting.
>>MOORE: We'll have those.
>>REGINA: Well, and you can
see-- I mean, as human beings,
we're living artificially
shortened lives
in a physical,
material, animal body
that is very susceptible to
all sorts of violent acts
that could end our lives
rapidly and painfully.
You can see how living in
this kind of environment
would certainly toughen
up the skin of the soul.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so
I can see where--
>>MOORE: But all
these things are
raising our vibrational
levels at what
Theo says is an
exponential rate.
>>REGINA: I can see that.
>>MOORE: I mean,
we're just going boom,
right through compared to
other souls in the universe.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>MOORE: They're all kind
of hovering on this level.
>>REGINA: We're taking on
the challenges by default.
But the thing is, if we
didn't have a veiled memory,
don't know about that.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: I mean, sometimes
ignorance is bliss.
If you knew what was coming up--
>>MOORE: Yeah, that's why
we have shorter lives.
It's because they're
so difficult.
We're taking on so
many challenges.
I've been told that we make
more decisions in one day
than some societies
make in a year or more.
>>REGINA: That's interesting.
I was listening in on a
reading from the being
that I'm affiliated with
most closely for lifetime
after lifetime of somebody else.
And they were talking to this
person who is a newbie here,
who hadn't been
around Earth much.
>>MOORE: Oh, gosh.
>>REGINA: And she was
having a very hard time.
It was very confounding.
I mean, just liquid pools of
blue, crying all the time,
like, I don't understand.
And so she asked for
this reading from them.
And they said, well, you
chose to come here to learn,
to learn some more things.
Because where you come from,
they said, as an example,
it would be as though the
people you've been amongst only
know very few things.
Just a few things.
And you've mastered
those few things.
And now the being is much more
curious to expand beyond that.
And you chose to jump into this
particular environment, which
is you have millions of things
you can make decisions on
and millions of
experiences to be had.
And I thought she
was a perfect example
of how it can also
go really wrong.
She was having a really,
really hard time.
>>MOORE: I know.
And you wonder, you'd think a
newbie be-- like I was told,
one of my first lives on
Earth was in a jungle,
as a native or whatever.
And you'd think they'd
be put into kind
of situations like that.
But sometimes they're dropped
in a very advanced society.
And they're just lost.
It's called sink or
swim, and they sink.
But they learn a lot.
>>REGINA: Well, I just
have one more question.
It's a juicy one.
I just want to know
before we sign off
here, of all of the things
that you've been learning
through the years
from Antura, what
is it that excites you most?
>>MOORE: Oh, what
excites me most?
>>REGINA: One or two things.
That's OK.
We've got a few minutes here.
>>MOORE: I think some of
the things that I've learned
are about devices
and things that I
could see are ahead of us.
And other things
are like knowing
that there's other universes
that are even adjacent to ours.
That there's even a
universe right next to ours
that we can see
in our night sky.
And we think it's our universe,
but it's the next universe
over.
And Antura has been
to that universe.
And he says, Tom, you don't
have anything to compare it to.
But he said, I
can guarantee you,
it is so different
from our universe.
You would not believe it.
And so there are so many things
for us to learn in the future.
And I just think it's a very
exciting time as we slowly
work our way up the path.
>>REGINA: I couldn't agree more.
And your book is-- aside
from being just instructive
and looking at a different view
of the ET species out there,
it's a blast.
I just loved it.
I loved it.
And I love the fact that you
ask questions in such detail
that it elicited such
a very clear portrait
of another species.
>>MOORE: Great.
>>REGINA: Thank you for that.
>>MOORE: Thank you.
I appreciate that.
>>REGINA: Tom's book,
"First Contact,"
is a thrilling ride into other
worlds and our own future.
You can find it in amazon.com
and through his website,
thegentlewaybook.com.
It does appear it's time to
begin looking beyond ourselves
and embrace a larger
picture of what
it is to be a human being
in a massive universe.
In fact, within universes.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]